Added asyncpg docs (#7756)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/common/configuration/integrations/asyncpg.mdx

---
title: asyncpg
description: "Learn about importing the asyncpg integration and how it captures queries from asyncpg."
sidebar_order: 25
---

> The asyncpg integration captures queries from
> [asyncpg](https://github.com/MagicStack/asyncpg) and shows them in the "Performance" seciton of Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The asyncpg integration captures queries from
[asyncpg](https://github.com/MagicStack/asyncpg), which can be viewed in Sentry's **Performance** page.
```

## Install

> Install `sentry-sdk` from PyPI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, install `sentry-sdk` from PyPI.
```

```bash

> pip install --upgrade sentry-sdk

Reviewer 2: Do you plan to have the `asyncpg` integration installed per default, otherwise, this would need to change to 

```suggestion
pip install --upgrade sentry-sdk[asyncpg]
```
